Yes, Ye Fanqing cares about his daughter the most
We'll make a demon out of his daughter
Okay, your dad's debt anyway
It is right and proper to let Ye Fanqing be a daughter
What's the matter, don't worry
My mom fell and I have to go see
Stop the car first.
I'm going to take Yueyue to eat by myself
He hasn't eaten all day.
But you're okay
I'll take a taxi myself
Why did you suddenly fall?
No, I have to find out
Hello old iron
Help me find out what happened.
Check it right away and call you back later.
How are your parents?
Daughter, you are back.
Don't worry. You are rather stupid.
Since they are all here
Then give me some shares and leave what?
Hello, I didn't just say that, thank you.
The Chinese army owes over 3,000 yuan
Apology is being made.